[Applause]
hey guys it's true
so some of you guys may notice something
different about me today a few of you
have been asking about the wig that I
have been wearing and pretty much all of
my videos recently that wig was actually
the first one I've ever made myself and
for those who were asking I used milky
way short-cut series hair that I got
from the beauty supply store for ten
dollars and then I just used some
instructions that I found online I love
that wig a ton as you guys can tell and
I have really been wanting to make
myself another one so Wow African comm
contacted me and asked if I wanted to
try out some of their hair and I thought
this would be the perfect opportunity to
show you guys how to make your own wigs
so this is the new wig that I made with
the hair that they sent me and I am just
so in love with it and super happy with
how it turned out it is a kinky red
front lace wig and I filmed the entire
process of making it so if you guys want
to know how to make this wig that I have
on right now or just in general how to
make your own front lace wigs then keep
watching so like I said I got the hair
for this wig from Wow African calm it is
in the Brazilian water wave texture and
I got four bundles of hair in 16 18 20
and 22 inches along with a 14 inch lace
closure this hair is super soft and
silky with perfect curls and I just
could not be happier with it
the hair came in a natural black color
but I'm going to be dyeing it to my
signature red to do this first I need to
bleach the hair I used a bucket of
powder bleach mixed with some 40 volume
developer and I bleached all of the hair
but look I'm going for I wanted every
inch of the hair to be red but there are
other things you can do you can do an
ombre you can leave the roots on touch
so that it looks natural it's just all
preference
[Music]
once I got a whole bundle of hair fully
bleached I just moved right on to the
next one and repeated that process
[Music]
then once all the hair was bleached I
rinsed it out which left me with this
pretty golden blonde moving on to the
dyeing I used a mix of beyond the zone
dyes along with a little bit of splat to
get the perfect Ruby shave just like
before I'm coating all of the hair and
then moving right on to the next bundle
and when it was all done this was the
final color so now for actually making
the wig I first pulled my hair into a
cap and then I put a bag over my head
because it just looks so gorgeous no but
seriously I use the plastic bag to
protect my hair and then I cut off the
edges around it so that I can see what
I'm doing then on top of the plastic bag
goes the dome cap since this is a front
lace wig I want to put the lace closure
on first so that I have a layout of
where the hair is gonna be parted I'm
placing the lace where the part is going
to be and then just kind of tracing
around it once I've got my outline I
just stick the cap on a wig head and pin
the closure in place now to sew the lace
closure on I'm using a curved weaving
needle which I got at the beauty store
then using some thread in the same color
as the cap I'm going to be stitching the
closure to the cap I put the hair up in
a bun to keep it out of my way while I'm
doing this
[Music]
once that's done I could stick the cap
with the closure back on my head so to
start I'm taking the longest bundle of
hair and wrapping it around my head so
it goes ear to ear then I'm cutting the
hair in that spot now for this wig I'm
going to be using the hot glue method
alternatively you can also use hair glue
but I feel like it's less secure and
very messy you can also sew the hair to
the cap which is way more secure but it
also takes a lot of time and I am super
impatient so to hot glue the hair I
first take a strip and cover the edge
and glue as quickly as possible then I
place the hair as close to the edge of
the cap as I can
after I do that first rope repair I just
continue repeating this process over and
over putting one track of hair above the
other this part can take some time but
there's no need to rush just make sure
that all the hair is layered properly
[Music]
once I get to the end of one bundle of
hair I just move on to the next length
until I am left with the shortest one
last now that I've gotten all the way up
to the closure I just put one last piece
of hair in the gap on one side and now
that all the hair is on I can let down
the hair on the closure now there are
still a few things left to do first I
have to cut the part of the cap
underneath the closure to leave the lace
exposed then I'm trimming down the lace
on the front as you would with any other
wig after all that I spritz the hair
with some water did some cutting and
layering and here's the final result
[Music]
so I might go back in and do some more
to this like adding some clips on the
inside to keep it in place but for now I
am just super happy with it and I love
it so so much this week is pretty much
my new favourite one that I own the hair
I used was perfect it turned out the
exact shade that I wanted and it's just
like so fluffy and kinky and just yes if
you guys would like to check out Wow
African calm and get some hair for
yourself I will leave a coupon code down
below so that you guys can get a
discount I hope that this video was
helpful and that I explained everything
clearly if you have any questions at all
don't be afraid to comment and I will
try to help you as best I can but yeah
till next time I love you guys and I
will see you soon with the another video
bye guys
you